Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to solve a bug.
Okay, now I'm going to show you this box.
They want me to show you this bug.
We need to go to our control as their tree.
And then the upload on this car product, on this car controllers.
And now we can use Concha and Beets to make this white.
Okay, now you can see over here we created a function card upload image to storage and we are simply
uploading the image to this storage top over.
Yeah.
Okay.
And over here we created a folder and we call this the product and we said the name of the uploaded
image is going to be the current logged in user ID and this is where the problem is, right?
Okay.
Now whenever a user creates an account, a unit is automatically generated for that user, right?
A user ID is automatically going to be generated for that user.
Right.
And we are simply saying.
That's it.
It's going to be in there is going to be the name of the uploaded product.
Hi.
Okay.
And now this is where the error is.
Like I said, now, whenever we upload a new product, the name of that file is still going to be the
same because it is not the same user who is uploading that product.
So the current logged in guys, your ID is taking them to the same for all the products that specific
user is uploaded.
That is why is going to keep updating that image since the name of the fight is going to be the same
and Firebase is not going to know if that image is a new word or not.
So these are the fi are still going to be the current logged in UI user I.D..
Okay.
Now, does this solve this bug?
What we have to do is to make this unique.
So whenever we upload a new image is automatically going to generate a unique uid for us.
Okay.
Now to do this, all we just have to do is we can simply copy this culture and see and paste this within
the async.
And over here we can copy.
And instead of using this current logged in user ID as the name of the file, we can use this.
Okay.
So whenever we upload a new product is automatically going to generate a unique number as the name of
the file.
Okay.
Now what we can do is we can hot restart this and while export restarts in, we can get rid of this
paradox collection and just had a new word.
Okay.
Did it?
Collection and products.
Okay.
Delete.
Okay, great.
Now, let's try to upload a new product back over here.
Okay.
Gallery and Gucci.
I think she's very cast.
Okay.
Gucci and citizens.
Ready?
Cause we can just see one person, and the category is claws.
And we can just see a best selling.
And this is very cars.
We just have one of this product and now we can upload.
Okay, now let's go check our seminar to see if anything is going on there.
Like you can see, I think is Dawn and we can basically go to this and go back to this to see if we
have that product.
You can see we have this product.
Okay.
Now let's try it.
So you can see is automatically as well generating towards a unique ID for us because we have this.
Over.
Yeah.
Okay.
If you've forgotten what this EU ID does, you can basically just go back to that lecture.
As well.
We can't try to.
Okay.
Applaud in your word is going to do it from here and there's going to be this.
And instead of Gucci, we can't say jackets.
And jacket is not really that cause we can't just say $50 and as well clothes will sell best selling
jacket.
And so this is very cheap.
We have five of this.
We can applaud.
Okay.
Go to this and check it.
Now on.
Okay.
I think.
Okay, you can see.
Let's check if the image is the same thing.
Okay.
You can see the image is not there, Fred.
Before what we are simply doing is we are using the current logged in user ID as the name of the PHI.
Right.
And this is the name of the Phi.
Whenever we upload a new product that's current, look, the new Yazidi does not change for that user
is still going to be the name of that PHI as is is still the name of that Phi.
What I is going to think of, I basically noting that image is still the same since this is the same
name.
Okay.
But not currently.
We are using the UID package to generate a unique ID whenever we automatically whenever we will not
automatically.
Sorry.
Whenever we upload a new product, we are automatically generating a unique ID for the modify.
Okay.
So via the first image we applaud might be 00012456478.
And the second image.
It's going to be 6125, seven, eight, nine, ten, 11, 12.
The same thing, right?
Sorry.
Different.
Right.
Okay, so we that way flat ifab is going to know this is a different image of that.
Before our unity might be 881568 is 156.
Right.
And whenever we upload a new image is still going to be 88156.
And because of that Firebase is going to take that image is still the same ten.
So what it's just going to do is it's going to beat that image from that previous word.
So the new word.
Okay, but now currently we are simply using the unity package in order to automatically generate a
new.
Find them for that image.
Okay.
This is what we are basically doing.
If for any reason you don't understand or if there's any other issue you can do well, so let me know.
Okay.
Apart from that.
Okay, guys, see you in the nest next year.